I've had a lifelong struggle with a negative attitude.
My negative disposition made me a very impatient, sarcastic, and demanding person.
One day out in Phil's service, I had insulted a partner of mine and the entire day was ruined.
My mother was in the car. She was very upset with the situation.
She told me that I had a negative attitude and that I was not allowed inside the house until that sister forgave me.
So I asked the sister a lunch. It was one of the most difficult and uncomfortable situations I have been in.
I realized that I needed to make a self-examination.
Why was I negative? Why was I so unhappy?
It was because I stopped pioneering and my friends continued in their full-time service to Jehovah.
And that made me very frustrated to see them continue this while I was stuck.
But when I acknowledged that I had this negative attitude, that prompted me to beg Jehovah to help me to make changes.
The friends in the congregation that I spent a lot of time with were not bad people.
Their imperfection fueled my negative attitude and I really had to put that fire out.
Personal and study was a major help with my prayer to Jehovah to make these changes.
One of the things I meditated on was how I just acted with his disciples.
When he was hungry and he was tired, he was still very loving and kind.
So I saw for myself when I was spiritually hungry how that affected my words and my actions towards the brothers and sisters.
The keys to maintaining Jesus' mental disposition are prayer, gratitude and contentment.
My goal is to show a grateful attitude for the blessings that I receive every day
and also to look for the good in people, to show them that I care and I love them.
And I've learned the more that I give to the friends into my family, the happier that makes Jehovah,
as Acts 2035 and Hebrews 1316 mentioned.
And when Jehovah is happy, that really makes me happy.